I got that beard son got that beard
what's up y'all bdubs back for another
hunter x hunter 2011 anime series review
episode 85 let's get started be good
anime master beat it up the anime master
be good vannamei master be anime the
anime nice here you go baby go the
animation you don't ok kite is dead now
you know what this is not going to going
to be a full-fledged regular review i'm
just going to reflect on this like this
chimera ant art is just wow hunter x
hunter is starting it is the starting I
can't even talk right now active just
watching that episode it hunter x hunter
is now starting to become my favorite
anime series as of right now it is just
what the fuck you know what I'm saying
now I was semi spoiled by some bitch-ass
mother fucking a subscriber or viewer a
couple weeks ago about this so the death
wasn't really fully impactful but I new
kite was going to die but I didn't know
who the hell is gonna kill him how he
was going to die in etc but uh the
episode still just put me on days i was
like holy shit when the music play
whenever pito was it was not hanging on
the cliff and then she sent sky going to
kill her and then zoom down there and
then cut off kites arm like what the
fuck you don't I'm saying and then kite
he's dead you know gonna start to power
up and shit and I my home some super
cinch it on my old down then kill it
with just bitch-slap the fuck out of
that nigga
and said you know what we got to live to
fight another day live to fight another
day the Chairman and the student named
know and moreover some shit like that
and who's there was pretty much you know
talking shit a little bit but other
chairman pretty much gave going to kill
her Chancellor to not help them cuz they
said they don't need help but hey if you
want to get stronger and fight with us
beat these two assassins and then come
you know you can come see us and we can
just you know fuck up some ass but man
the the kites I mean the D fucked up
moma in the episode was at the end and
and never pito had kites head just
playing with his hair I'm like holy shit
she fucking tour this dude up to a
million pieces I'm like whoa that nigga
went out like that I mean they didn't
show no fight I'm thinking like me being
a dumbass something like gonna say they
probably hiding cuz his arm is going
like he might probably have a million
episode or so then probably died after
that that's what I'm thinking but nope
he is fucking dead damn you know I'm
saying like this shit like the cupcake I
totally now understand the hype this arc
is fucking crazy as shit kite was so
damn strand and beast and he's already
dead but a fucking Royal Guard member
this is not the king a fucking minion a
a side bitch you know I'm saying
strongest fuck took out kite just like
that just tore that nigga up into a
million pieces I'm afraid man like I
don't know who's next I don't know
what's gonna happen more deaths are
coming I already know that they're
already baptizing the various other
chimera ants ram is punching the fuck
out of you know the various answer what
not and I'm like shit man like these
motherfuckers are strong is fuck you
know these chimera ants are ridiculous
it is just whoa you know it's really
setting up and building up and arc that
it's just purely going to realize
theory where I am in this video right
now okay I'm from the top a little more
shit is fucking ridiculous huh I mean I
wonderful uh I mean I had a feeling that
this was going to happen soon because in
the episode kind game gone uh games
hunter license he told him to if you're
gonna find your father then gives it
give this back to him I still getting
fucking talk that episode was just a
mindfuck but anyway um and I kind of had
a feeling that ok kind of my dive in the
next two episodes from down maybe three
nopee died today he's dead he's fucked
he's gone I do look forward to the
upcoming fights with the UH the old man
the chairman novolin um ain't no and
more over a little fuckers name is and a
more chimera ant business and and it
kind of defeats the purpose of kites
being in the opening sequence now cuz
he's dead and it's like I wanted they're
going to change that probably not way
anyway hunter x hunter man is definitely
getting to my list my top 10 this is it
starting to cut my favorite anime series
real talk she was fucking crazy man this
arc is just making me go like wow I need
to start buying the fucking mark of
always but this media they canceled
volumes and shits out of print so it
might be hard to collect the money in
the damn way you know legitimately but
um man let me know your thoughts in the
comment section below what are your
thoughts on this week's episode is
fucking crazy kite is dead sad moment
but it's like hey I can't wait for going
to kill her what to get stronger
according to the next episode bitch he's
gonna make a return and more crazy she's
going to happen i'm pretty sure it's
going to be more training and more
hunter associates going to come in and
start smashing these fucking ass neff
repito is fucking beast some of you guys
said that he's a that she's not a she or
he she's like you know we don't know the
the the genders
like that which is kind of strange but I
think she's female I mean she has a
female boy she looks female I don't
fucking know I mean you know how weird
and make it sometimes anyway like I said
let me know your thoughts in the comment
section below this episode was crazy as
fuck I'm Peter the anime master and that
was my reaction thoughts and semi review
for hunter x hunter 2011 anime series
episode 85 uh that's it piss me the
anime nice here you go and a pretty cozy
anime me sir he go anime